gcli-config(1) - Get or set global or local configuration options
=================================================================

## SYNOPSIS

`gcli config` [--local] name [value]<br>
`gcli config` [--local] `-l | -list` [name_regex]<br>
`gcli config` [--local] `-e | --edit`

## DESCRIPTION

You can query/set options with this command. The name is actually a hash key
string that is a composite one, nested with dots. If only name is provided, a
value will be retrieved. If two parameters are given then value will be set
or updated depending whether it already exists or not.\n

There two types of config files, global and project specific. When modifying
options ensure that you modifying the correct config.

This command line will fail (with the exit code ret) if:

1. The config file is invalid.

## OPTIONS

* `--local`:
  Writes cofinguration settings inside the current directory to the .githubrc file.

* `-l, --list`:
  List all variables set in config file.

* `-e, --edit`:
  Opens an editor to modify the specified config file.

  Defaults to `vi` editor if non specified. It first looks inside --global or --local config, then searches environement variables `EDITOR` and `VISUAL` before assuming default.

## CONFIGURATION FILE

The `gcli` configuration file contains a number of variables that affect the way the GitHub API is quried.

### SYNTAX

The configuration file is written in `yaml`. Therfore all formatting rules are derived from yaml specification.

### VARIABLES

*  `user.token`:
  Authentication token.

*  `user.login`: 
  Basic login credentials.

*  `user.password`:
  Basic password credentials.

*  `core.adapter`:
  Sets http adapter used to perform requests to GitHub API v3.

*  `core.endpoint`:
  Sets host path used as the base for all requests to GitHub API v3.

*  `core.editor`:
  Sets the editor to be used when opening files. By default `vi` is specified.

*  `core.pager`:
  The command that will be used to paginate output. Can be overridden with PAGER environment variable. less

*  `core.no-pager`:
  Switched off results paging.

*  `core.no-color`:
  If set to true disables color output. By default is set to false.

*  `core.format`:
  Determines output formatting. Defaults to table output.

*  `core.auto_pagination`:
   Automatic pagination of requests to GitHub.

*  `core.aliases`:
  Global aliases used by commands.

## AUTHOR

  Piotr Murach
